do I hear 45 oh come on ladies and
gentlemen dig deep into your pocket
let's get an opening bid for Briarwood
10th annual a box thank you now 50 I
can't stand out there and listen to
people bid for me like that are you
afraid you won't get much yes in case
opening night jitters you'll do fine I'm
sure you'll do at least as well as Kirk
if not better better I'd better do
better
new record high by none other than the
creme de la creme and wrestler 20 I mean
the ones about they kill you when they
found out you dated them both at the
same time let us not forget I'm the
curser they love me
okay for the sake of expediency I have
to tell you that an advance bit of $75
has already been placed on talk to Jeff
code therefore mm-hmm the bidding will
start at $75 okay
$75 going once and $75 going twice all
right sold for $75 to mrs. Ruth Ellen
Bach
you gotta be a hundred lastly for the
day is my own son Andrew and I'm gonna
start the bidding at $50 they worth it
to get him to clean his room okay 95
going once going twice
so mr. green what kind of business are
you in
I'm a marketing consultant meet the one
company's crises to another sound check
it's a lot of adjustment fortunately I
came across your mother er we wouldn't
have had a house we could move into
she's quite a real estate agent not ago
do you have that thing she's kind of bad
at YouTube moms so mr. Blaine guess I'm
your slave what do you want me to do fix
your roof paint your house actually I
prefer it if we keep it kind of
hush-hush
this guy buys you as a slave to take out
his daughter
no biggie they just moved here and show
their daughter around sounds strange
now they could be from one of those
weird religious sects but they don't
have any men the live let's take you out
to their farm and use you for breathing
come to think of it they need to
volunteer you're beyond sick Stevens did
you happen to say what she looks like
well no you just said she had a nice
personality translation Bow Wow
mr. Blaine's cool guy and I'm sure his
daughter wing that can't be that bad
wait a second I know Linda Blaine she's
in my history class that's her right
over there
oh yes life is good
you CIA FBI are in jabal you know then
I'm laying the blame
Andrew Clements all right where is it
what the camera there's got to be
totally hidden video right I mean the
first person that talked to me since I
started here
sorry disappoint you know camera I just
thought I'd come over and say hi
so why thanks you make my day see you
around
oh wait um I'm just wondering if you're
not busy maybe you know you'd like to go
out tonight what I'm trying to ask you
out
well guess they did here right how about
I pick you up after dinner maybe we'll
catch a flick okay if you're sure sure
sure
see you then hold on okay you can go now
I just wanted to see if I was gonna
suddenly wake up
I will do your homework for the next
three weeks there plus I will take out
the garbage
and you can borrow my car for the next
ten days
look Andrew I'm pleading with you I'm
sorry dr. Jay I can't trade Linda for
mrs. Shelley mock give me one good
reason because we went on a great date
and I kind of like her well Jeff go I
can't tell you how much I've been
looking forward to this just remember
your famous last words it's for a good
cause
this is driving me crazy isn't it oh
well relax
it's about this my ballroom dancing
trophy I spotted that the last time I
was here did you really win this do I
look like I steal trophies look I took
first place in my university dance club
albeit that was many years ago why do
you ask the mondo bongo exotic dance
finals are in two days my partner's been
incapacitated I want you to replace him
he who put me in a dance contest that is
a joke I've never been more serious in
my life buster
it may not be up there with doctorates
and DNA molecules but it's the big
enchilada to me I want to win Jeffcoat
and you're gonna help me and I'm giving
you one warning if you say no I'll tell
everyone that you vouched on your deal
and that down the hungry the homeless
the needy am I making myself clear
is it okay if I come in in here oh sure
absolutely
listen if you wanted to cancel tonight
I'd understand cancel what do you mean
well it's just going out two nights in a
row people might start to think that
we're together don't tell me you're
embarrass me I'll get over it
you must be Andrew I'm David Blaine and
his father ah
nice to meet you I'll grab my coat
how're you doing a very good job now
this should take care of some of your
expenses no no it's okay
my treat well I'm glad the two would be
hitting it off so well yeah a bunch of
us caught the midnight Rocky Horror
showing she was insane danced up a storm
to time or been pelted at the front row
with burnt toast ooh we're talking
massive hit rock that is if you are I
got the tickets I've got the toast have
a good time
like me thank you they loved you how
does this thing need ladies and
gentlemen mr. shin people actually like
Lynda blame for herself
William Beeman captain the hockey team
they say he to be the next Gretzky
impressive yeah well I get to know him
pretty well when I interviewed him for
the school paper
a lot of the kids think he's a falling
dork monster but they don't know what I
do watch hey Wayne
Oh Wayne this is Linda Blaine oh hello
it's really nice to meet you I've heard
so many great things about you
yeah well you know the press I was just
telling Linda about us hangin get her do
the article on you watch laughs that's a
laughs Bob you take care Andrew right
phony dork Meister
I know I'm trouble oh wait Kirk you
remember Linda hi big big trouble now
don't say I told you so but you're right
about the piranha twins so that will
mince there after its revenge told you
so yeah well if I have to take them to
one more restaurant I'm gonna have to
declare bankruptcy so maybe you hold it
you're not gonna ask me for money are
you of course not
can you guys even lend me 20 bucks would
you tell them 10 is all I've got
can you tell me can owe me the other 10
thanks I know I know I'm crazy for doing
it but the guy's my best bud
yeah I'll go get you the Rocky Horror CD
don't move now hustle
and come beyond the call of duty screams
even is so happy I have been meaning to
talk to you about that I don't think I
can go through this anymore
what I really like leaned up but I don't
want to be your slave to take her out
here's the money you painted the auction
and you don't have to do this now I paid
for you to take it in to avert a deal is
a deal you paid him to take me out honey
it was for charity charity you took me
out for charity it wasn't like that I I
actually thought you liked me
you're home early I thought you had a
date
what beat home sleep remember Oh No
yes I blew it with Linda she found out
her dad bought me the slave auction and
she thinks that's the only reason I'm
seeing her
maybe you I know what haven't looked bad
but there's got to be a way to make her
understand
haha see how am I going to get her to
listen to me now I really like her maybe
if I told her why don't you just try us
out of the question she'll never accept
the call maybe if I sent two roses nah
I'll have to do it right I'll have a
whole truckload of flowers delivered
honey if I think there's only one thing
to do I'm afraid to ask thanks mom I
couldn't figure this shot without you
glad I could help
you surprised me Jeffcoat for a man
obsessed with science
you dance like an animal you do pets for
such passion you're like a woman on fire
it's that's a South American women you
can't help but throw yourself in 20
I intend to with another sleep that's
what's needed to we're never have you
ever done it before
once that's how I lost my last partner
mr. Blaine I've gotta talk to Linda I
feel terrible
I wanted you to know that it's okay and
ER I understand just wish I'd known at
the top it would have saved a lot of
confusion Linda I really like you that's
why I came back
glad you did slate boy I've got plans
for you
come on Linda why are you doing this you
don't know what you're getting into like
I did with you I think what you're doing
is wrong who's speaking you're my father
hey Andrew isn't it what are you doing
here hey Linda wait Andrews gonna be our
driver what for some stupid charity
thing my father arranged chauffeur or
chaperone I Drive my own dates
sure no problem I'll just be in the
backseat out of the way
Andrew consider yourself a free man as
of now you don't have to worry about me
I won't be in the way
that's right cuz you're not coming keys
see you around
alright already Bonilla
I'm trying well I'm saving my strength
for the contest well how I look splendid
except for one small thing
take it
it's a gift not a bomb don't let it go
to your head it's for being a terrific
dance partner not a perfect neighborhood
rule Ruth it's it's magnificent I I
don't know what to say I'm high man yeah
yeah save this squishy stuff till after
we win besides we're gonna need the
extra pizazz we'll never make the lift
we've got a ride last time but that was
after 28 tries oh how am I trying to kid
me when a dance contest let's just
forget it
and waste this
I promise I'll throw everything I have
into this performance I'm really glad
you called me
hey come on loosen up we're here to have
a good time right
look I don't feel too well maybe we
should just head home hey hey you'll be
fine once we park
listen I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong
idea
hey just relax
Shh we gotta get you out of here
how's Wayne
I think it's a cool smoke
Joseph still
the ambulance attendant says Wayne's
gonna be fine I really messed up huh
you can't blame yourself for these
things it wasn't an accident it's trying
to get back at you wanting to know how I
felt how hurt I was I think I know I
felt bad too that's why I tried to pay
your father back I don't wanna date you
because I had to I wanted to because I
wanted to oh that way you followed me
here because I was jealous and worried
by the way how did you get here
would you believe your father paid me to
go looking for you just kidding
you ain't been winning what's fantastic
is the way we did it so you pulled off
the lovers like this plant not exactly
oh that's okay just went over a piece of
lint what happened well everything was
going just fine until until sugar hips
there chickened out on the lava sleep I
didn't chicken out I just thought we had
a better chance of pulling it off if you
caught me bad move great move we did it
just like in dirty dance
I accept that in dirty dancing Patrick
Swayze wasn't so surprised that he's
celebrated by spikey
I never smite you you're listed by today
what do you mean you didn't snow